Chart: Add Getting Started topic (#7613)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Chart/00 Getting Started with Chart/35 Add a Constant Line.md

> DevExtreme Chart can display horizontal or vertical constant lines as points of reference. This example implements a horizontal constant line to display the yearly spend average (`averageSpend`) by integrating **valueAxis**.[constantLines](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/constantLines/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevExtreme Chart can display horizontal or vertical constant lines as points of reference. The following example uses the **valueAxis**.[constantLines](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/constantLines/) property to display a horizontal constant line that indicates yearly spend average (`averageSpend`):
```

> DevExtreme Chart can display horizontal or vertical constant lines as points of reference. The following example uses the **valueAxis**.[constantLines](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/constantLines/) property to display a horizontal constant line that indicates yearly spend average (`averageSpend`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DevExtreme Chart can display horizontal or vertical constant lines as points of reference. The following example uses the **valueAxis**.[constantLines](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/constantLines/) property to display a horizontal constant line that indicates the yearly spending average (`averageSpend`):
```
